data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.a                                   alsa-lib-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.la                                  alsa-lib-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.so.2                                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.so.2.0.0                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/alsa.pc                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.so                                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/sys/asoundlib.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seqmid.h                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/sscape_ioctl.h                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/hdspm.h                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/tlv.h                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/asoc.h                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/type_compat.h                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/emu10k1.h                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/hdsp.h                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/asound_fm.h                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/sb16_csp.h                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seq_event.h                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/control.h                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/error.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/control_external.h                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/alisp.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/conf.h                               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/asoundlib.h                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/topology.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/asoundef.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seq.h                                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/version.h                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/use-case.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/hwdep.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/input.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seq_midi_event.h                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/rawmidi.h                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/global.h                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/output.h                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/YMF744.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/FM801.conf                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/USB-Audio.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Aureon51.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICH4.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AU8820.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SI7018/sndop-mixer.alisp         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SI7018/sndoc-mixer.alisp         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PMacToonie.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CS46xx.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/GUS.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Aureon71.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PS3.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/FireWave.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/NFORCE.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Audigy2.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Loopback.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA686A.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICE1712.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ATIIXP-MODEM.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VX222.conf                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ATIIXP-SPDMA.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/EMU10K1X.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ES1968.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8738-MC6.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8338-SWIEC.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VXPocket440.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICE1724.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Audigy.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SB-XFi.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AU8810.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AU8830.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/TRID4DWAVENX.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/RME9652.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/HDA-Intel.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8738-MC8.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/RME9636.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SI7018.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/aliases.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8338.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VXPocket.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PC-Speaker.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Echo_Echo3G.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ATIIXP.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICH-MODEM.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA8237.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AACI.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ENS1370.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CA0106.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICH.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Maestro3.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PMac.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA8233A.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/EMU10K1.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/FWSpeakers.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/aliases.alisp                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ENS1371.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8788.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA8233.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/alsa.conf                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/PandaBoard.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/hifi                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/record                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/FMAnalog                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/voice                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/hifiLP                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/voiceCall               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DB410c/HiFi                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DB410c/DB410c.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DB410c/HDMI                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/hifi                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/record                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/FMAnalog                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/SDP4430.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/voice                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/hifiLP                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/voiceCall                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/hifi                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/record                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/FMAnalog              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/voice                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/hifiLP                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/PandaBoardES.conf     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/voiceCall             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PAZ00/HiFi.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PAZ00/Record.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PAZ00/PAZ00.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DAISY-I2S/DAISY-I2S.conf           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DAISY-I2S/HiFi.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/tegraalc5632/tegraalc5632.conf     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/VEYRON-I2S/HiFi.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/VEYRON-I2S/VEYRON-I2S.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/chtrt5645/chtrt5645.conf           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/chtrt5645/HiFi.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/GoogleNyan/HiFi.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/GoogleNyan/GoogleNyan.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/HiFi                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/Hdmi2                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/skylake-rt286.conf   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/Hdmi1                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/broadwell-rt286/HiFi               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/broadwell-rt286/broadwell-rt286.conf alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/alsa.conf.d/README                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/topology/broadwell/broadwell.conf      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/topology/sklrt286/skl_i2s.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/topology/bxtrt298/bxt_i2s.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/side.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround51.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/iec958.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/hdmi.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround50.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround21.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/dsnoop.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround40.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/dpl.conf                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/front.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/default.conf                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/rear.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/dmix.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/modem.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/center_lfe.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround41.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround71.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/sndo-mixer.alisp                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/alsa.m4                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/alsa-lib/LICENSE                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/geckodriver                                   geckodriver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/geckodriver/LICENSE                     geckodriver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblorie-server.so                            liblorie
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblorie-android.so                           liblorie
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liblorie-client.so                            liblorie
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/drivers/lorie_drv.so             liblorie
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/input/loriei_drv.so              liblorie
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/liblorie/LICENSE                        liblorie
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/orcc                                          liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orc-stdint.h                  liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orc.h                         liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcarm.h                      liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcbytecode.h                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcbytecodes.h                liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orccode.h                     liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orccompiler.h                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcconstant.h                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orccpu.h                      liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orccpuinsn.h                  liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcdebug.h                    liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcemulateopcodes.h           liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcexecutor.h                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcfunctions.h                liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcinstruction.h              liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcinternal.h                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orclimits.h                   liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcmips.h                     liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcmmx.h                      liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcneon.h                     liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orconce.h                     liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcopcode.h                   liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcparse.h                    liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcpowerpc.h                  liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcprogram.h                  liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcrule.h                     liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcsse.h                      liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orctarget.h                   liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcutils.h                    liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcvariable.h                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcx86.h                      liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/orc-0.4/orc/orcx86insn.h                  liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liborc-0.4.so.0.32.0                          liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/orc-0.4.pc                          liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/orc.m4                              liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liborc-0.4.so                                 liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/liborc-0.4.so.0                               liborc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/barrier.h                   libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/end-packed.h                libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/enums.h                     libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/ipc_ring.h                  libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/macros.h                    libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/protocol.h                  libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/qxl_dev.h                   libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/qxl_windows.h               libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/start-packed.h              libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/stats.h                     libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/stream-device.h             libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/types.h                     libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-1/spice/vd_agent.h                  libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-audio.h                libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-char.h                 libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-core.h                 libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-input.h                libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-migration.h            libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-qxl.h                  libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-replay.h               libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-server.h               libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice-version.h              libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/spice-server/spice.h                      libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspice-server.so.1.14.1                     libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/spice-protocol.pc                   libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/spice-server.pc                     libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/pkgconfig/spice-protocol.pc                 libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspice-server.so                            libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libspice-server.so.1                          libspice-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-protocols.pc                libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/presentation-time/presentation-time.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/viewporter/viewporter.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xwayland-keyboard-grab/xwayland-keyboard-grab-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/input-timestamps/input-timestamps-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/tablet/tablet-unstable-v2.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/tablet/tablet-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/linux-dmabuf/linux-dmabuf-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/primary-selection/primary-selection-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/linux-explicit-synchronization/linux-explicit-synchronization-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/pointer-gestures/pointer-gestures-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell-unstable-v5.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell-unstable-v6.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-output/xdg-output-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/fullscreen-shell/fullscreen-shell-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/input-method/input-method-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/keyboard-shortcuts-inhibit/keyboard-shortcuts-inhibit-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-foreign/xdg-foreign-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-foreign/xdg-foreign-unstable-v2.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-decoration/xdg-decoration-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/idle-inhibit/idle-inhibit-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/pointer-constraints/pointer-constraints-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/text-input/text-input-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/text-input/text-input-unstable-v3.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/relative-pointer/relative-pointer-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libwayland-protocols/LICENSE            libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.a                              libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.la                             libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.so                             libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-client.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-cursor.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-egl-backend.pc              libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-egl.pc                      libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-scanner.pc                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-server.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-cursor.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-util.h                            libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client-core.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-version.h                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl-backend.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server-core.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl-core.h                        libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server-protocol.h                 libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl.h                             libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client-protocol.h                 libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wayland-scanner                               libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/wayland-scanner.m4                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland.xml                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland-scanner.mk                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland.dtd                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libwayland/LICENSE                      libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libglapi.so                                   mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGL.so.1                                    mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgbm.la                                     mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gl.pc                               mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/dri.pc                              mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gbm.pc                              mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGL.so                                      mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libglapi.la                                   mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGL.la                                      mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgbm.so                                     mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glx_mangle.h                           mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/gl_mangle.h                            mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/gl.h                                   mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glext.h                                mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glcorearb.h                            mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glxext.h                               mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glx.h                                  mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/internal/dri_interface.h               mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gbm.h                                     mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/mesa/LICENSE                            mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/drirc                                         mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qemu-system-i386                              qemu-system-x86-64
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qemu-system-x86_64                            qemu-system-x86-64
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-x11                                    termux-x11
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/termux-x11/LICENSE                      termux-x11
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libXFree86.la                                 xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libXFree86.a                                  xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libexa.la                        xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libwfb.la                        xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libshadow.la                     xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libshadow.a                      xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libshadowfb.la                   xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libwfb.a                         xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libfb.a                          xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libfb.la                         xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libexa.a                         xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libshadowfb.a                    xorg-server-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libXFree86.so                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/xorg-server.pc                      xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/protocol.txt                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/modules/libexa.so                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/misc.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86RamDac.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mipointer.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/property.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86xv.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/fbpict.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/present.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Xinput.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/pixmap.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86DDC.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dixstruct.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/closestr.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/extinit.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/edid.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/TI.h                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/closure.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/extnsionst.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mi.h                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dgaproc.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Modes.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Privstr.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86VGAarbiter.h                     xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/optionstr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/Xprintf.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/region.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/fbrop.h                              xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/rgb.h                                xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mistruct.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xorg-server.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/miscstruct.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/windowstr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dixaccess.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86PciInfo.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/micoord.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/shadowfb.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xvdix.h                              xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dix.h                                xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/colormap.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/BT.h                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Cursor.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/registry.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/picture.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/glyphstr.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/inputstr.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/displaymode.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86fbman.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/wfbrename.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86xvpriv.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/list.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86platformBus.h                    xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/fboverlay.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86_OSlib.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/cursorstr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/propertyst.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Crtc.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/misync.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/misyncfd.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xace.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Opt.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/callback.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/cursor.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/globals.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/fbdevhw.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/randrstr.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Parser.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/damagestr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/nonsdk_extinit.h                     xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/gcstruct.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Pci.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86xvmc.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/damage.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/window.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86sbusBus.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/pixmapstr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/colormapst.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/scrnintstr.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xorgVersion.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/exa.h                                xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86str.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mioverlay.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/geext.h                              xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/screenint.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/miline.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/migc.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xkbfile.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xisb.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/extension.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/privates.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Optionstr.h                      xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/fb.h                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86cmap.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/regionstr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86RandR12.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/misyncstr.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/panoramiXsrv.h                       xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/input.h                              xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dbestruct.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/exevents.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/compiler.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/IBM.h                                xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xacestr.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/picturestr.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/os.h                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Module.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/micmap.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xaarop.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/servermd.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/misyncshm.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/panoramiX.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xserver-properties.h                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/opaque.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/validate.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/syncsdk.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/i2c_def.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mipict.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dixfontstr.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Priv.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dixevents.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86MatchDrivers.h                   xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/events.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/glx_extinit.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xserver_poll.h                       xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/rrtransform.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/site.h                               xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dixfont.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/selection.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mizerarc.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/gc.h                                 xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xkbsrv.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/resource.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/geint.h                              xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/XIstubs.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xvmcext.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/fourcc.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/shmint.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/dixgrabs.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/glxvndabi.h                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/shadow.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xkbrules.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86_OSproc.h                        xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/client.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xkbstr.h                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86i2c.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/ptrveloc.h                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/xf86Optrec.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/hotplug.h                            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/presentext.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/mipointrst.h                         xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/xorg/compositeext.h                       xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/Xorg                                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/X                                             xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compiled/README.compiled            xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/xorg.conf.5.gz                     xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man5/xorg.conf.d.5.gz                   xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/Xorg.1.gz                          xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/Xserver.1.gz                       xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man4/fbdevhw.4.gz                       xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man4/exa.4.gz                           xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/xorg-server.m4                      xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xorg-server/LICENSE                     xorg-server
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/protocol.txt                             xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/Xwayland                                      xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compiled/README.compiled            xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/Xserver.1.gz                       xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xwayland/LICENSE                        xwayland
