data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.a                                   alsa-lib-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.la                                  alsa-lib-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.so.2                                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.so.2.0.0                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/alsa.pc                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libasound.so                                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/sys/asoundlib.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seqmid.h                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/sscape_ioctl.h                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/hdspm.h                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/tlv.h                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/asoc.h                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/type_compat.h                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/emu10k1.h                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/hdsp.h                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/asound_fm.h                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/sound/sb16_csp.h                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seq_event.h                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/control.h                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/error.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/control_external.h                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/alisp.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/conf.h                               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/asoundlib.h                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/topology.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/asoundef.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seq.h                                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/version.h                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/use-case.h                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/hwdep.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/input.h                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/seq_midi_event.h                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/rawmidi.h                            alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/global.h                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/alsa/output.h                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/YMF744.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/FM801.conf                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/USB-Audio.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Aureon51.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICH4.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AU8820.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SI7018/sndop-mixer.alisp         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SI7018/sndoc-mixer.alisp         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PMacToonie.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CS46xx.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/GUS.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Aureon71.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PS3.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/FireWave.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/NFORCE.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Audigy2.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Loopback.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA686A.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICE1712.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ATIIXP-MODEM.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VX222.conf                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ATIIXP-SPDMA.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/EMU10K1X.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ES1968.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8738-MC6.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8338-SWIEC.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VXPocket440.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICE1724.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Audigy.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SB-XFi.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AU8810.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AU8830.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/TRID4DWAVENX.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/RME9652.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/HDA-Intel.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8738-MC8.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/RME9636.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/SI7018.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/aliases.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8338.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VXPocket.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PC-Speaker.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Echo_Echo3G.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ATIIXP.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICH-MODEM.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA8237.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/AACI.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ENS1370.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CA0106.conf                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ICH.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/Maestro3.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/PMac.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA8233A.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/EMU10K1.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/FWSpeakers.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/aliases.alisp                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/ENS1371.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/CMI8788.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/cards/VIA8233.conf                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/alsa.conf                              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/PandaBoard.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/hifi                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/record                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/FMAnalog                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/voice                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/hifiLP                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoard/voiceCall               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DB410c/HiFi                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DB410c/DB410c.conf                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DB410c/HDMI                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/hifi                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/record                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/FMAnalog                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/SDP4430.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/voice                      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/hifiLP                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/SDP4430/voiceCall                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/hifi                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/record                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/FMAnalog              alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/voice                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/hifiLP                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/PandaBoardES.conf     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PandaBoardES/voiceCall             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PAZ00/HiFi.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PAZ00/Record.conf                  alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/PAZ00/PAZ00.conf                   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DAISY-I2S/DAISY-I2S.conf           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/DAISY-I2S/HiFi.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/tegraalc5632/tegraalc5632.conf     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/VEYRON-I2S/HiFi.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/VEYRON-I2S/VEYRON-I2S.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/chtrt5645/chtrt5645.conf           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/chtrt5645/HiFi.conf                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/GoogleNyan/HiFi.conf               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/GoogleNyan/GoogleNyan.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/HiFi                 alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/Hdmi2                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/skylake-rt286.conf   alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/skylake-rt286/Hdmi1                alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/broadwell-rt286/HiFi               alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/ucm/broadwell-rt286/broadwell-rt286.conf alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/alsa.conf.d/README                     alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/topology/broadwell/broadwell.conf      alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/topology/sklrt286/skl_i2s.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/topology/bxtrt298/bxt_i2s.conf         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/side.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround51.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/iec958.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/hdmi.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround50.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround21.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/dsnoop.conf                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround40.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/dpl.conf                           alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/front.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/default.conf                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/rear.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/dmix.conf                          alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/modem.conf                         alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/center_lfe.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround41.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/pcm/surround71.conf                    alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/alsa/sndo-mixer.alisp                       alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/alsa.m4                             alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/alsa-lib/LICENSE                        alsa-lib
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/geckodriver                                   geckodriver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/geckodriver/LICENSE                     geckodriver
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-protocols.pc                libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/presentation-time/presentation-time.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/stable/viewporter/viewporter.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xwayland-keyboard-grab/xwayland-keyboard-grab-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/input-timestamps/input-timestamps-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/tablet/tablet-unstable-v2.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/tablet/tablet-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/linux-dmabuf/linux-dmabuf-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/primary-selection/primary-selection-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/linux-explicit-synchronization/linux-explicit-synchronization-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/pointer-gestures/pointer-gestures-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell-unstable-v5.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-shell/xdg-shell-unstable-v6.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-output/xdg-output-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/fullscreen-shell/fullscreen-shell-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/input-method/input-method-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/keyboard-shortcuts-inhibit/keyboard-shortcuts-inhibit-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-foreign/xdg-foreign-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-foreign/xdg-foreign-unstable-v2.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/xdg-decoration/xdg-decoration-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/idle-inhibit/idle-inhibit-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/pointer-constraints/pointer-constraints-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/text-input/text-input-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/text-input/text-input-unstable-v3.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland-protocols/unstable/relative-pointer/relative-pointer-unstable-v1.xml libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libwayland-protocols/LICENSE            libwayland-protocols
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.a                              libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.la                             libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.a                           libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.la                          libwayland-static
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-egl.so                             libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-cursor.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-client.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-cursor.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-egl-backend.pc              libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-egl.pc                      libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-scanner.pc                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/wayland-server.pc                   libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-client.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libwayland-server.so                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-cursor.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server.h                          libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-util.h                            libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client-core.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-version.h                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl-backend.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server-core.h                     libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl-core.h                        libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-server-protocol.h                 libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-egl.h                             libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/wayland-client-protocol.h                 libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/wayland-scanner                               libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/aclocal/wayland-scanner.m4                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland.xml                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland-scanner.mk                  libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/wayland/wayland.dtd                         libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/libwayland/LICENSE                      libwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libglapi.so                                   mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGL.so.1                                    mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgbm.la                                     mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gl.pc                               mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/dri.pc                              mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/pkgconfig/gbm.pc                              mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGL.so                                      mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libglapi.la                                   mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libGL.la                                      mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/libgbm.so                                     mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glx_mangle.h                           mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/gl_mangle.h                            mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/gl.h                                   mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glext.h                                mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glcorearb.h                            mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glxext.h                               mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/glx.h                                  mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/GL/internal/dri_interface.h               mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/include/gbm.h                                     mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/mesa/LICENSE                            mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/drirc                                         mesa
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-x11                                    termux-x11
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/termux-x11/LICENSE                      termux-x11
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/xorg/protocol.txt                             xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/Xwayland                                      xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/X11/xkb/compiled/README.compiled            xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/man/man1/Xserver.1.gz                       xwayland
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/xwayland/LICENSE                        xwayland
